well howdy there internet people it's Bo
again some of you have mentioned that
you use these videos homeschooling if
you do screen this one first
okay so I've been trying to catch up on
messages and emails going through the
emails tonight and one came in while I
was checking them we're gonna talk about
it because it's something that has come
up in the past and it irritates me so
here's the email and as much of it as I
can read the wholesome bow of the fifth
column spends his nights tweeting a
blanking lady of the evening not his
term she knows you so well she knows
what kind of stories you'd like to read
bet you've a list of things he's
imagined us doing why are you even
talking to this person not his term okay
so if you spend any amount of time
advocating for freedom you will run into
people from this industry or related
fields
they're pretty politically active and
something always seems to happen in it's
like clockwork there's a young woman who
is in a similar industry she was at
every street action that that happened
north of DC in the northeastern United
States she'd show up and she was the
type that would mask up if necessary did
it for years then one day she picked up
a megaphone and she spoke
within 10 minutes do you know what she
used to do no and I don't care just like
the woman referenced in this email I
didn't know what she did I don't care
that's how I know her I know her as an
immigrant rights advocate that's why she
knows what kind of stories
I would like and that's why she was
tweeting me about the Marines that got
busted smuggling that's probably more
important than her past the fact that
active duty members are violating the
commander-in-chief's
Prime policy on mass busted more than a
dozen of them and those are just the
ones they called that's probably more
important than what this woman does 4:11
but that's the way it always works as
soon as they find their voice as soon as
they start to speak out that's when it
comes up it's okay for them to be around
but when they start to talk and have an
opinion and show themselves as a person
that's when it becomes an issue you see
this to a lesser degree in other
industries you see it in sports just
shut up and play ball right they've
become an item of entertainment rather
than a person that's pretty dangerous
for people in their field when you
become a objectified to the point that
you're not a person that's how violence
happens so long
seen it over and over again I know maybe
a dozen people in this or similar
industries have been asked about my
relationships with them more than a
hundred times easy it is no secret that
I am friends with hundreds of current or
former military contractors no matter
how you Church that job up your ready to
kill for money that's the job I have
never been asked in an accusatory tone
or a hushed whisper about my
relationships with them that's the state
of the United States
s'okay to be friends with a professional
killer it's not okay to be friends with
a professional lover I guess
something we might want to think about
as a society anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night